--- PÁGINA 1 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:32:10 t Hide }

31 of 64. Northern Trail Outfitters (NTO) has an existing business-to-consumer (B2C)
website that that does NOT support single sign-on standards, such as Security Assertion
Markup Language (SAML) or OAuth. NTO wants to use Salesforce Identity to register and
authenticate new customers on the website.

Which three Salesforce features should an Identity architect use in order to provide social
sign-in capabilities for the website?

Choose 3 answers
A oO Identity Connect

Embedded Login
Cc. O Connected Apps
D.@ Authentication Providers
e. Delegated Authentication

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:31:57 Gp

32 of 64. An administrator created a connected app for a custom web application in
Salesforce which needs to be visible as a tile In App Launcher. The tile for the custom web
application is missing in the app launcher for all users in Salesforce, The administrator
requested assistance from an identity architect to resolve the issue.

Which two reasons are the source of the Issue?

Choose 2 answers
A. Oo StartURL for the connected app is not set in Connected App settings.
B. oO Session Policy is set as "High Assurance Session required” for this
connected app.
OAuth scope does not include "openid".

°.@ The connected app is not set in the App menu as "Visible in App
Launcher",


--- PÁGINA 2 ---
33 of 64. An identity architect is setting up an integration between
Salesforce and a third-party system. The third-party system needs to
be able to authenticate to Salesforce and then make API calls against
the REST API.

One of the requirements is that the solution needs to ensure the third
party service providers connected app in Salesforce minimizes the
need for end user interaction and maximizes security.

Which OAuth flow should be used to fulfill the requirement?

A. oO User Agent Flow
B. JWT Bearer Flow
c.© Web Server Flow

Db. ee Username-Password Flow

O Mark this item for later review.

34 of 64. Universal Containers (UC) has decided to replace the
homegrown customer portal with Salesforce Experience Cloud. UC will
continue to use its third-party single sign-on (SSO) solution that
stores all of its customer and partner credentials.

The first time a customer logs in to the Experience Cloud site through
SSO, a user record needs to be created automatically.

Which solution should an identity architect recommend in order to
automatically provision users in Salesforce upon login?

A. (P Custom login flow and Apex handler
B.© Custom middleware and web services
c© Just-in-Time (JIT) provisioning

D. oO Third-party AppExchange solution

oO Mark this item for later review.


--- PÁGINA 3 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:31:11 t Hide }

35 of 64. A manufacturer wants to provide registration for an
Internet of Things (IoT) device with limited display input or
capabilities.

Which Salesforce OAuth authorization flow should be used?

A. > OAuth 2.0 Asset Token Flow
B. oO OAuth 2.0 JWT Bearer Flow
c© OAuth 2.0 Device Flow

D. oO OAuth 2.0 User-Agent Flow

O Mark this item for later review.
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:31:05 @r

36 of 64. A farming enterprise offers smart farming technology to its
farmer customers, which includes a variety of sensors for livestock
tracking, pest monitoring, climate monitoring etc. They plan to store
all the data in Salesforce. They would also like to ensure timely
maintenance of the installed sensors. They have engaged a Salesforce
Architect to propose an appropriate way to send an alert when
something goes wrong.

Which OAuth flow should the architect recommend?

A.© OCAuth 2.0 SAML Bearer Assertion Flow
r© OAuth 2.0 Asset Token Flow

c. oO OAuth 2.0 Device Authentication Flow
ob. oO OAuth 2.0 JWT Bearer Token Flow


--- PÁGINA 4 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:30:58 @r

37 of 64. Universal Containers want users to be able to log in to the Salesforce mobile app
with their Active Directory password. Employees are unable to use mobile VPN.

Which two options should an identity architect recommend to meet the requirement?

Choose 2 answers

Active Directory Password Syne Plugin

6. t) Salesforce Trigger & Fleld on Contact Object
c: Salesforce Identity Connect

©.) Configure Cloud Provider Load Balancer

oO Mark this item for later review.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:30:55 @r

37 of 64. Universal Containers want users to be able to log in to the Salesforce mobile app
with their Active Directory password. Employees are unable to use mobile VPN.

Which two options should an identity architect recommend to meet the requirement?

Choose 2 answers

Active Directory Password Syne Plugin

6. t) Salesforce Trigger & Fleld on Contact Object
Cc. @® Salesforce Identity Connect

©.) Configure Cloud Provider Load Balancer

oO Mark this item for later review.


--- PÁGINA 5 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:30:49 @

38 of 64. A consumer products company uses Salesforce to maintain
consumer information, including orders. The company implemented a
portal solution using Salesforce Experience Cloud for its consumers
where the consumers can log in using their credentials. The company
is considering allowing users to login with their Facebook or LinkedIn
credentials.

Once enabled, what role will Salesforce play?
A. Cy Facebook and LinkedIn will act as the IdPs and SPs.
r© Salesforce will be the service provider (SP).

Cc. oO Facebook and LinkedIn will be the SPs.
D. oO Salesforce will be the identity provider (IdP).

39 of 64.

User authentication

‘
———_ ee -
A B

An organization has a central cloud-based Identity and Access
Management (IAM) Service for authentication and user management,
which must be utilized by all applications as follows:

1 - Change of a user status in the central IAM Service triggers


--- PÁGINA 6 ---
Sales Cloud to meet the requirements?

A oO Configure central IAM Service as an authentication provider and extend
registration handler to manage provisioning and deprovisioning of users.

B. Configure Salesforce as a SAML Service Provider, and enable SCIM (System for
Cross-Domain Identity Management) for provisioning and deprovisioning of
users.

c. oO Configure Salesforce as a SAML service provider, and enable Just-in Time (JIT)
provisioning and deprovisioning of users.

ie) Deploy Identity Connect component and set up automated provisioning and
deprovisioning of users, as well as SAML-based SSO.

oO Mark this Item for later review.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archit

Time Remaining: 01:30:27 GD

40 of 64. A security architect is rolling out a new multi-factor authentication (MFA) mandate,
where all employees must go through a secure authentication process before accessing
Salesforce. There are multiple Identity Providers (IdP) in place and the architect is
considering how the “Authentication Method Reference" field (AMR) in the Login History can
help.

Which two considerations should the architect keep in mind?

Choose 2 answers

A. oO Dependency on what is supported by OpenID Connect (OIDC)
Implementation at IdP.
Both OIDC and Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) are
supported but AMR must be implemented at IdP.
c. AMR field shows the authentication methods used at IdP.

Db. oO High-assurance sessions must be configured under Session Security
Level Policies.



--- PÁGINA 7 ---
41 of 64. Northern Trail Outfitters (NT‘
sportswear brand on its existing consur) js launching a new
Experience Cloud. As part of the launclner portal built on Salesforce
will be sent to existing customers to log, emails with promotional links
marketing manager would like the port, jn and claim a discount. The
users will be directed to the brand link a] dynamically branded so that
users will view a recognizable NTO-bratthey clicked on; otherwise,
aided page.
The campaign is launching quickly, so t
additional licenses. However, the develthere is no time to procure any
apply any required changes to the port;pment team is available to
al.
Which approach should the identity arc

. hitect recommend?

A. oO Use Heroku to build the new brand site and embedded login to reuse identities.

B. Implement Experience ID in the code and extend the URLs and endpoints, as
required.

(oot oO Configure an additional community site on the same org that Is dedicated for
the new brand.

D. [e) Create a full sandbox to replicate the portal site and update the branding
accordingly.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archit

Time Remaining: 01:29:59 @rr

42 of 64. A university is planning to set up an identity solution for its
alumni. A third-party identity provider will be used for single sign-on
and Salesforce will be the system of records. Users are getting error
messages when logging in.

Which Salesforce feature should be used to debug the issue?

A iC Apex Exception Email
6. © Debug Logs
c. oO View Setup Audit Trail

“© Login History


--- PÁGINA 8 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:29:54 @rr

43 of 64. A Salesforce Administrator is tasked with setting up Just-in-
Time (JIT) provisioning for SAML to enable Single Sign-On (SSO) for
your organization. They have already configured the SAML settings for
SSO in Salesforce.

What should be their next steps to enable JIT provisioning?

A c) Create a new Apex class to handle JIT provisioning, implement the required
methods, and assign the class to the appropriate user profiles.

B. cc Create a new permission set with JIT provisioning enabled, configure the
necessary permissions, and assign the permission set to relevant users.

c. oO Modify the organization-wide sharing settings to allow JIT provisioning, update
the sharing rules for the user object.

°© Enable Just-in-Time User Provisioning in the SAML Single Sign-On Setting,
configure the User Provisioning Type, and provide the SAML JIT Handler.

Time Remaining: 01:29:43 @ Fr

44 of 64. Northern Trail Outfitters (NTO) is planning to build a new
customer service portal and wants to use passwordless login, allowing

customers to login with a one-time passcode sent to them via email or
SMS.

How should the quantity of required Identity Verification Credits be
estimated?

A oO Identity Verification Credits are consumed with each verification sent and
should be estimated based on the number of logins that will incur a verification
challenge.

B. Cy Each community comes with 10,000 Identity Verification Credits per month and
only customers with more than 10,000 logins a month should estimate
additional SMS verifications needed.

c© Identity Verification Credits are consumed with each SMS (text message) sent
and should be estimated based on the number of login verification challenges
for SMS verification users.

D. oO Identity Verification Credits are a direct add-on license based on the number of
existing member-based or login-based Community licenses.


--- PÁGINA 9 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:29:37 @rh

45 of 64. Universal! Containers uses Salesforce as an identity provider and Concur as the
Employee Expense management system. The HR director wants to ensure Concur accounts
for employees are created only after the appropriate approval in the Salesforce org.

Which three steps should the identity architect use to implement this requirement?

Choose 3 answers

A. oO Create an approval process for User object associated with the
provisioning flow.
Create an approval process for UserProvisioningRequest object
associated with the provisioning flow.
pas | Create an approval process for a custom object associated with the

provisioning flow.

°@ Enable User Provisioning for the connected app.

E. Create a connected app for Concur in Salesforce.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:29:30 @rr

46 of 64. A service provider (SP) supports both Security Assertion
Markup Language (SAML) and OpenID Connect (OIDC).

When Salesforce is acting as Identity Provider for this SP, which use
case is the determining factor when choosing OIDC or SAML?

© The SP needs to perform API calis back to Salesforce on behalf of the user after
the user logs in to the service provider.

6. oO OIDC is more secure than SAML and therefore is the obvious choice.

c. Oo They are equivalent protocols and there is no real reason to choose one over
the other.

D. oO If the user has a session on Salesforce, you do not want them to be prompted
for a username and password when they login to the SP.

Oo Mark this item for later review.

SO



--- PÁGINA 10 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:29:22 @rr

47 of 64. An Identity and Access Management (IAM) architect is
tasked with unifying multiple B2C Commerce sites and an Experience
Cloud community with a single identity. The solution needs to support
more than 1,000 logins per minute.

What should the IAM Architect do to fulfill this requirement?

A c) Create a default account for capturing all ecommerce contacts registered on the
community because personAccount Is not supported for this case.

B. cc Configure both the community and the commerce sites as OAuth2 RPs (relying
party) with an external identity provider.

c©@ Confirm performance considerations with Salesforce Customer Support due to
high peaks.

D. a) Configure community as a Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) identity
provider and enable Just-in-Time Provisioning to B2C Commerce.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:29:15 @rr

48 of 64. A technology enterprise is planning to implement single sign-on login for users.
When users log In to Salesforce, data should be populated in User object custom flelds.

Which two steps should an identity architect recommend?

Choose 2 answers
A. oO Implement SessionManagement Class.

Create and update methods.
Cc [ Implement RegistrationHandler Interface.
BD. Implement Auth.SamiJitHandler Interface.

oO Mark this item for later review.

ry ree


--- PÁGINA 11 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:29:08 @ rr

49 of 64. The CMO of an advertising company has invited an Identity and Access
Management (IAM) specialist to discuss Salesforce out-of-box capabilities for configuring the
company’s login and registration experience on Salesforce Experience Cloud.

The CMO is looking to brand the login page with the company's logo, background color, login
button color, and dynamic right-frame from an external URL.

Which two solutions should the IAM specialist recommend?

Choose 2 answers

Login & Registration pages can be branded In the Community

Administration settings.

B. 1 GB | Build custom pages for branding requirements in Experience Cloud.

Cc. Use Experience Builder to bulld branded Reset and Forgot Password
pages.

2 Build custom site pages for reset and forgot password features.

50 of 64. A web service is developed that allows secure access to
customer order status on the Salesforce Platform. The service
connects to Salesforce through a connected app with the web server
flow. The following are the required actions for the authorization flow:

1. User Authenticates and Authorizes Access
2. Request an Access Token

3. Salesforce Grants an Access Token

4. Request an Authorization Code

5S. Salesforce Grants Authorization Code

What is the correct sequence for the authorization flow?

a© 4,5, 2,3,

B.© 4,1, 5, 2,
Oo 2,1, 3, 4,
D.C 1,4, 5, 2,

wo ww

© Mark this item for later review.



--- PÁGINA 12 ---
51 of 64. Northern Trail Outfitters (NTO) uses the Customer 360
Platform implemented on Salesforce Experience Cloud. The
development team in charge has learned of a contactless user
feature, which can reduce the overhead of managing customers and
partners by creating users without contact information.

What is the potential impact to the architecture if NTO decides to
implement this feature?

A oO Custom registration handler is needed to correctly assign External Identity or
Community license for the newly registered contactless user.

B. oO If contactiess user is upgraded to Community license, the contact record is
automatically created and linked to the user record, but not associated with an
Account.

c© Contactless user feature is available only with the External Identity license,
which can restrict the Experience Cloud functionality available to the user.

D. oO Passwordless authentication can not be supported because the mobile phone
receiving one-time password (OTP) needs to match the number on the contact
record.

oO Mark this item for later review.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archit«

Time Remaining: 01:28:41 @ rh

52 of 64. Universal Containers is creating a mobile application that will be secured by
Salesforce Identity using the OAuth 2.0 user-agent flow (this flow uses the OAuth 2.0 Implicit
grant type).

Which three OAuth concepts apply to this flow?

Choose 3 answers
Scopes

Client ID
Authorization Code
Verification Code

Refresh Token

([) Mark this item for later review.


--- PÁGINA 13 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archit«

Time Remaining: 01:28:34 @rp

53 of 64. A company with 15,000 employees is using Salesforce and
would like to take the necessary steps to highlight or curb fraudulent
activity.

Which tool should be used to track login data, such as the average
number of logins, who logged in more than the average number of
times and who logged in during non-business hours?

A. oO Login Inspector
B. cy Login History
c©@ Login Forensics
©) Login Report

1) Mark this item for later review.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archit«

Time Remaining: 01:28:25 @rh

54 of 64. A global company's Salesforce Identity Architect is reviewing its Salesforce
production org login history and Is seeing some intermittent Security Assertion Markup
Language (SAML SSO) "Replay Detected" and "Assertion Invalid” login errors.

Which two Issues would cause these errors?

Choose 2 answers

The subject element Is missing from the assertion sent to Salesforce.
The assertion sent to Salesforce contains an assertion ID previously
used,

The current time setting of the company's Identity provider (IdP) and
Salesforce platform is out of sync by more than eight minutes.

The certificate loaded into SSO configuration does not match the
certificate used by the IdP.



--- PÁGINA 14 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archit«

Time Remaining: 01:28:17 @rh

55 of 64. Universal Containers wants to allow its customers to log in
to its Experience Cloud via a third party authentication provider that
supports only the OAuth protocol.

What should an identity architect do to fulfill this requirement?

A. oO Contact Salesforce Support and enable delegate single sign-on.
B. oO Use certificate-based authentication.

Cc oO Configure OpenID Connect authentication provider.

“© Create a custom external authentication provider.

a Mark this item for later review.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archit«

Time Remaining: 01:28:08 @ rh

56 of 64. Northern Trail Outfitters (NTO) wants to give customers the
ability to submit and manage issues with their purchases. It is
important for NTO to give its customers the ability to login with their
Facebook and Twitter credentials.

What should an identity architect recommend to meet these
requirements?

A. oO Create a custom external authentication provider for Facebook,

B. cy Setup login icon for Facebook and Twitter.

c.© Create a custom external authentication provider for Twitter.

°© Configure a predefined authentication provider for Facebook and Twitter.

1) Mark this item for later review.


--- PÁGINA 15 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archit«

Time Remaining: 01:27:58 Gp

57 of 64. A leading fitness tracker company is getting ready to launch
a customer community. The company wants its customers to login to
the community and connect their fitness device to their profile.
Customers should be able to obtain exercise details and fitness
recommendation in the community.

Which should be used to satisfy this requirement?

A. oO Login Flows

B. cy Named Credentials
c.© CAuth Asset Token flow
°© OAuth Device Flow

(1 Mark this item for later review.
58 of 64. Northern Trail Outfitters manages application functional

permissions centrally as Active Directory groups. The CRM_SuperUse
and CRM _ Reporting SuperUser groups should respectively give the
user the SuperUser and Reporting_SuperUser permission set in
Salesforce. Salesforce is the service provider to a Security Assertion
Markup Language (SAML) identity provider.

How should an identity architect ensure the Active Directory groups
are reflected correctly when a user accesses Salesforce?

A. Oo Use the Apex Just-in-Time handler to query standard SAML attributes and set
permission sets.

5© Use the Apex Just-in-Time handler to query custom SAML attributes and set
permission sets.

Cc. oO Use a login flow to query custom SAML attributes and set permission sets.
D. oO Use a login flow to query standard SAML attributes and set permission sets.

oO Mark this item for later review.


--- PÁGINA 16 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:27:37 @re

59 of 64. A company's external application is protected by Salesforce
through OAuth. The identity architect for the project needs to limit the
level of access to the data of the protected resource in a flexible way.

What should be done to improve security?

A. oO Select “Admin approved users are pre-authorized” and assign specific profiles,
B. oO Leverage external objects and data classification policies.
c©® Create custom scopes and assign to the connected app.

D. oO Define a permission set that grants access to the app and assign to authorized
users.

oO Mark this item for later review.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:27:28 @re

60 of 64. An identity professional is working on the configuration of a
connected app for Universal Container's (UC) partner portal. UC wants
to allow external users to access certain Salesforce data and perform
limited actions. However, they also want to enforce additional security
measures, such as IP restrictions and session timeout settings.

Which configuration option should be used to enforce IP restrictions
and session timeout settings for the connected app?

A. oe Custom Permissions

B. oO Login IP Ranges

c© Session Settings

D. oO Connected App OAuth policies


--- PÁGINA 17 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:27:21 @re

61 of 64. Universal Containers is creating a mobile application that will be secured by
Salesforce Identity using the OAuth 2.0 user-agent flow. Application users will authenticate
using username and password. They should not be forced to approve API access in the mobile
app or reauthenticate for 3 months.

Which two connected app options need to be configured to fulfill this use case?

Choose 2 answers
A. Oo Set the Session Timeout value to 3 months.

Set the Refresh Token Policy to expire refresh token after 3 months.
Cc. Set Permitted Users to "All users may self-authorize".

oO Set Permitted Users to “Admin approved users are pre-authorized”.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:27:16 @re

62 of 64. Universal Containers (UC) has built a custom time tracking
app for its employees on a third party system. UC wants to leverage
Salesforce Identity to control access to the custom app.

At a minimum, which Salesforce license is required to support this
requirement?

A cS Identity Connect

r© Identity Only
c. oO External Identity

D. oO Identity Verification

MO) Marl thie item far later review


--- PÁGINA 18 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:27:10 @irP

63 of 64. A financial services company uses Salesforce and has a
compliance requirement to track information about devices from
which users log in. Also, a Salesforce Security Administrator needs to
have the ability to revoke the device from which users log in.

What should be used to fulfill this requirement?

a© Use the Activations feature to meet the compliance requirement to track device
Information.

6. oO Use the Login History object to track information about devices from which
users log in.

Cc. oO Use multi-factor authentication (MFA) to meet the compliance requirement to
track device information.

D. cs Use Login Flows to capture device from which users log in and store device and
user information in a custom object.

64 of 64.

ADFS
Americas

A multinational comnanvy is lookina to rollaut Salesforce alobally. The


--- PÁGINA 19 ---
ccess Salesforce using the ADFS . The company would like to limit its
vestments and prefer not to procure additional applications to
atisfy the requirements.

(hat is recommended to ensure these requirements are met ?

A© Implement Identity Connect to provide single sign-on to Salesforce and
federated across multiple ADFS systems.

B. oO Use connected apps for each ADFS implementation and implement Salesforce
site to authenticate users across the ADFS system applicable to their geo.

c. oO Configure Each ADFS system under single sign-on settings and allow users to
choose the system to authenticate during sign on to Salesforce.

D. oO Add a central Identity system that federates between the ADFS systems and
integrate with Salesforce for single sign-on.

a) Mark this item for later review.

and end the assessment.

Assessment Summary

Number of Items 64
Answered:

Number of Items o
Unanswered:

Number of Items °

Marked for Review:

Answers

1.p 2.AD 3.CA 4.D
5. DA 6. AC 7.4 8.B
9A 10. Dc 11..B 12.A
13. BA 14. CA 15.D 16.c
17.6 18. ECA 19. ABD 20. BD
21.D 22.A 23.A 24.A
25.B 26.5 2Z7.A 28.8
29. CEB 30.A 31. EBD 32.cD
33.B 34.cC 35, ¢ 36.B
37.CA 33.8 39.8 40. BC
41.6 42.D 43.D 44.¢
45. EBD 46.A a7.c 48. BD
49.CA 50. A sSi.c 52. BEA
53.¢ 54. BA 55.D 56.D
57.D 58.8 59.c 60. C
61. BC 62.B 63.A 64.A



--- PÁGINA 20 ---
Result: Pass

Percentag
Identity Management Concepts 7O%

Accepting 3rd Party Identity in Salesforce 76%

Salesforce as an Identity Provider 80%

Access Management Best Practices 88%

Salesforce Identity 100%

Community (Partner and Customer) 72%

Congratulations! You have successfully completed the certification exam to become a Sales
worldwide community of Certified Professionals!

Exit T

:

Time Remaining: 01:38:32 @r

1 of 64. An insurance company has a connected app in its Salesforce
environment that is used to integrate with a Google Workspace
(formerly known as G Suite).

An identity and access management (IAM) architect has been asked
to implement automation to enable users, freeze/suspend users,
disable users, and reactivate existing users in Google Workspace upon
similar actions in Salesforce.

Which solution is recommended to meet this requirement?

A. Oo Build a custom REST endpoint in Salesforce that Google Workspace can poll
against.

B. oO Update the Security Assertion Markup Language Just-in-Time (SAML JIT)
handler In Salesforce for user provisioning and de-provisioning.

c. ee Build an Apex trigger on the UserLogin object to make asynchronous callouts to
Google APIs.

D. So Configure User Provisioning for Connected Apps.

© Mark this item for later review.


--- PÁGINA 21 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archit

Time Remaining: 01:38:08 GF

2 of 64. Universal Containers (UC) is considering a Customer 360 initiative to gain a single
source of the truth for its customer data across disparate systems and services. UC wants to
understand the primary benefits of Customer 360 Identity and how It contributes to a
successful Customer 360 Truth project.

What are two are key benefits of Customer 360 Identity as it relates to Customer 360?

Choose 2 answers

Customer 3 Ider
ete + -- 60 1 .,)Itity enables an organization to build a single login

for each of its « ace™ers, giving the organization an understanding of

the user's login tivity across all its digital properties and

applications. tgey

B. oO Customer 360 | 41tity automatically integrates with Customer 360
Data Manager z Customer 360 Audiences to seamlessly populate
all user data. ge,

c. oO Customer 360 | _) tity not only provides a unified sign up and sign in
experience, but;.,,;0 tracks anonymous user activity prior to signing
up so organizat, 5 can understand user activity before and after the
users identify thy selves.

°@ Customer 360 Teity tity supports multiple brands so you can deliver

centralized iderog ’ services and correlation of user activity, even if it

spans multiple 2erate brands and user experiences.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archit

Time Remaining: 01:37:53 t Hide }

3 of 64. Which two things should be done to ensure end users can only use single sign-on
(SSO) to login In to Salesforce?

Choose 2 answers

Assign user "Is Single Sign-On Enabled" permission via profile or

permission set.

6. ag Once SSO is enabled, users are only able to login using Salesforce
credentials.

c. Enable My Domain and select "Prevent login from
https://login.salesforce.com".

oD. a) Request Salesforce Support to enable delegated authentication.

© Mark this item for later review.


--- PÁGINA 22 ---
Time Remaining: 01:37:37 @rp

4 of 64. A global fitness equipment manufacturer is planning to sell
fitness tracking devices and has the following requirements:

1) Customer purchases the device.

2) Customer registers the device using their mobile app.

3) A case should automatically be created in Salesforce and
associated with the customers account in cases where the device
registers issues with tracking.

Which OAuth flow should be used to meet these requirements?

A. © OAuth 2.0 User-Agent Flow

B. CB OAuth 2.0 SAML Bearer Assertion Flow
c.© OAuth 2.0 Device Flow

“© OAuth 2.0 Asset Token Flow

O Mark this item for later review.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archit

Time Remaining: 01:37:31 t Hide

5 of 64. Universal Containers (UC) currently uses Salesforce Sales Cloud and an external
billing application. Both Salesforce and the billing application are accessed several times a
day to manage customers, UC would like to configure single sign-on and leverage Salesforce
as the identity provider. Additionally, UC would like the billing application to be accessible
from Salesforce. A redirect is acceptable.

Which two Salesforce tools should an identity architect recommend to satisfy the
requirements?

Choose 2 answers
A, Salesforce Canvas

B. &) Identity Connect
c. oO Connected Apps
°@ App Launcher



--- PÁGINA 23 ---
Time Remaining: 01:37:14 @E

6 of 64. A Salesforce customer is implementing Sales Cloud and a custom pricing application
for its call center agents. An Enterprise single sign-on solution Is used to authenticate and
sign-in users to all applications. The customer has the following requirements:

1. The development team has decided to use 4 Canvas app to expose the pricing application
to agents.

2. Agents should be able to access the Canvas app without needing to log in to the pricing
application.

Which two options should the identity architect consider to provide support for the Canvas
app to initiate login for users?

Choose 2 answers

Enable SAML In the connected app and Security Assertion Markup

Language (SAML) Initiation Method as Service Provider Initiated.

Enable OAuth settings in the connected app with required OAuth

scopes for the pricing application.

Configure the Canvas app as a connected app and set Admin-

approved users as pre-authorized.

D. Select "Enable as a Canvas Personal App" in the connected app
settings.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archit

Time Remaining: 01:37:07 t Hide }

7 of 64. A global company has built an external application that uses
data from its Salesforce org via an OAuth 2.0 authorization flow. Upon
logout, the existing Salesforce OAuth token must be invalidated.

Which action will accomplish this?

© Use a HTTP POST to make a call to the revoke token endpoint.

B. oO Use a HTTP POST to the System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM)
endpoint, Including the current OAuth token.
ccs oO Use a HTTP POST to request the refresh token for the current user.

D. oO Enable Single Logout with a secure logout URL.

™) Mark this item for later review.


--- PÁGINA 24 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archit

Time Remaining: 01:37:00 t Hide }

8 of 64. A global fitness equipment manufacturer uses Salesforce to
manage its sales cycle. The manufacturer has a custom order
fulfillment app that needs to request order data from Salesforce. The
order fulfillment app needs to integrate with the Salesforce API using
OAuth 2.0 protocol.

What should an identity architect use to fulfill this requirement?

A. © Authentication Providers

®© Connected App and OAuth Scopes
c.© Canvas App Integration

DB. oO OAuth Tokens

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:36:52 @rr

9 of 64. An identity architect has been asked to recommend a
solution that allows administrators to configure personalized alert
messages to users before they land on the Experience Cloud site
(formerly known as Community) homepage.

What is recommended to fulfill this requirement with the least amount
of customization?

© Use Login Flows to add a screen that shows personalized alerts.

B. oO Customize the registration handler Apex class to create a routing logic
navigating to different home pages based on the user profile.

ec, | Bulld a Lightning Web Component (LWC) for a homepage that shows custom
alerts.

D. oO Create custom metadata that stores user alerts and use a LWC to display
alerts.


--- PÁGINA 25 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:36:43 @rr

10 of 64. Universal Containers (UC) is using its production org as the identity provider for a
new Experience Cloud site and the Identity architect Is deciding which login experience to use
for the site.

Which two page types are valid login page types for the site?

Choose 2 answers
A. O Lightning Experience Page

B. oO Experience Builder Page
Embedded Login Page
Login Discovery Page

© Mark this Item for later review.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:36:30 GF

11 of 64. Northern Trail Outfitters (NTO) wants its customers to use
phone numbers to log in to their new digital portal, which was
designed and built using Salesforce Experience Cloud. In order to
access the portal, the user will need to do the following:

1. Enter a phone number and/or email address

2. Enter a verification code that is to be sent via email or text.

What is the recommended approach to fulfill this requirement?

A oO Create a custom login page witn an Apex controller. The controller has logic to
send and verify the Identity.

B, Create a Login Discovery page and provide a Login Discovery Handler Apex
class.

Cc. cy Create a custom login flow that uses an Apex controller to verify the phone
numbers with the company's verification service.

BD. oO Create an Authentication provider and implement a self-registration handler
class.


--- PÁGINA 26 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:36:23 GD

12 of 64. A division of a Northern Trail Outfitters (NTO) purchased
Salesforce. NTO uses a third party identity provider (IdP) to validate
user credentials against its corporate Lightweight Directory Access
Protocol (LDAP) directory. NTO wants to help employees remember
as few passwords as possible.

What should an identity architect recommend?

A© Setup Salesforce as a Service Provider to the existing IdP.

B. a ) Use Salesforce connect to synchronize LDAP passwords to Salesforce.
e. oO Setup Salesforce as an IdP to authenticate against the LDAP directory.
0.©E Setup Salesforce as an Authentication Provider to the existing IdP.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:36:11 t Hide )

13 of 64. An identity architect is implementing a mobile-first Consumer Identity Access
Management (CIAM) for external users.

User authentication is the only requirement. The users email or mobile phone number should
be supported as a username.

Which two licenses are needed to meet this requirement?

Choose 2 answers
SMS Verification Credits

B. External Identity Licenses
ec. © Identity Connect Licenses
D.C) Email Verification Credits



--- PÁGINA 27 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:36:02 @irr

14 of 64. Universal Container’s (UC) is using Salesforce Experience Cloud site for its
container wholesale business. The Identity architect wants to use an authentication provider
for the new site.

Which two options should be utilized in creating an authentication provider?

Choose 2 answers
A custom registration handler can be set,

B. Oo The default authentication provider certificate can be set.
c A custom error URL can be set.
5°. The default login user can be set.

© Mark this Item for later review.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:35:55 @rr

15 of 64. Users logging into Salesforce are frequently prompted to
verify their identity.

The identity architect is required to provide recommendations so that
frequency of prompt verification can be reduced.

What should the identity architect recommend to meet the
requirement?

A. ) Implement multi-factor authentication for the Salesforce org.

B. oO Implement 2FA authentication for the Salesforce org.

c: oO Implement an single sign-on for Salesforce using an external identity provider.
“© Set trusted IP ranges for the organization.


--- PÁGINA 28 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:35:48 GD

16 of 64. An identity professional, responsible for ensuring secure
access to the Salesforce platform, needs to audit and verify user
activity during and after login. They want to monitor login attempts,
track user authentication methods, and identify suspicious behavior or
unauthorized access.

Which tool or feature should they leverage to achieve this objective?

A. © Salesforce Shield

B. cy Salesforce Approval Processes
ze) Salesforce Login History
0.©) Salesforce Lightning Flow

17 of 64. Northern Trail Outfitters (NTO) uses a Security Assertion
Markup Language (SAML)-based Identity Provider (IdP) to
authenticate employees to all systems. The IdP authenticates users
against a Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) directory and
has access to user information. NTO wants to minimize Salesforce
license usage since only a small percentage of users need Salesforce.

What is recommended to ensure new employees have immediate
access to Salesforce using their current IdP?

A. c Bulld an integration that queries LDAP periodically and creates new active users
in Salesforce.

®© Configure Just-in-Time provisioning using SAML attributes to create new
Salesforce users as necessary when a new user attempts to login to Salesforce.

Cc: Oo Define a process where administrators manually create new users in Salesforce.

D. i) Build an integration that queries LDAP and creates new inactive users in
Salesforce and use a login flow to activate the user at first login.

© Mark this item for later review.


--- PÁGINA 29 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:35:29 @rr

18 of 64. A client is planning to rollout multi-factor authentication (MFA) to its internal
employees and wants to understand which authentication and verification methods meet the
Salesforce criteria for secure authentication.

Which three functions meet the Salesforce criteria for secure MFA?

Choose 3 answers
Third-party single sign-on with Mobile Authenticator app

Username&password + Email Verification Code
c: Lightning Login
oO Username and password + SMS passcode

E. Username and password + security key

7 Mart thic item for later review

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:35:16 @rr

19 of 64. Universal Containers is creating a web application that will be secured by
Salesforce Identity using the OAuth 2.0 Web Server Flow (this flow uses the OAuth 2.0
authorization code grant type).

Which three OAuth concepts apply to this flow?

Choose 3 answers
Scopes

Access Token

Cc.) Authentication Token
°@ Client Secret
E. oO Verification URL

7 Mart thic item for later review


--- PÁGINA 30 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:35:07 @rr

20 of 64. Universal Containers is implementing a new Experience Cloud site and the identity
architect wants to use dynamic branding features as part of the login process.

Which two options should the identity architect recommend to support dynamic branding for
the site?

Choose 2 answers

A. O An external content management system (CMS) must be used for
dynamic branding on Experience Cloud sites.
An experience ID (expid) or placeholder parameter must be used in
the URL to represent the brand.
To use dynamic branding, the community must be built with the
Visualforce + Salesforce Tabs template.
D. @ To use dynamic branding, the community must be built with the

Customer Account Portal template.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:34:54 @rr

21 of 64. Universal Containers (UC) wants to provide single sign-on
(SSO) for a business-to-consumer (B2C) application using Salesforce
Identity.

Which Salesforce license should UC utilize to implement this use case?

A. oO Identity Only

B. ie | Salesforce Platform
G. oO Partner Community
“© External Identity

oO Mark this item for later review.


--- PÁGINA 31 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:34:30 @ rr

22 of 64. A financial enterprise is planning to set up a user
authentication mechanism to login to the Salesforce system. Due to
regulatory requirements, the CIO of the company wants user
administration, including passwords and authentication requests, to
be managed by an external system that is only accessible via a SOAP
webservice.

Which authentication mechanism should an identity architect
recommend to meet the requirements?

a© Delegated Authentication
B. oO Just-in-Time Provisioning

Cc. oO OAuth Web-Server Flow
Db. >: Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) Single Sign On

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:34:17 @

23 of 64.

Experience Authorization Request
Cloud Site



--- PÁGINA 32 ---
NTO wants to make sure it renders login page images dynamically
based on the user's brand preference selected in Heroku before
Authorization.

What should an identity architect do to fulfill the above requirements?

A© Authorize third-party service by sending authorization requests to the
community_url/services/oauth2/authorize/?expid=value.

B. [e) Authorize third-party service by sending authorization requests to the
community-url/services/oauth2/authorize/cookle value.

Cc | For each brand create different communities and redirect users to the
appropriate community using a custom Login controller written in Apex.

oO Create multiple login screens using Experience Builder and use Login Flows at
runtime to route to different login screens.

© Mark this Item for later review.

Time Remaining: 01:33:54 @re

24 of 64. Universal Containers is designing an identity architecture
that involves integrating Salesforce with an external directory service.
The external directory service will act as the central repository for
user authentication and authorization across multiple systems within
the organization.

Which approach should be evaluated to establish trust between
Salesforce and the external directory service?

© Implementing a federated identity solution based on SAML (Security Assertion
Markup Language).

B. oO Enforcing IP-based access restrictions for Salesforce and the external directory
service.

c. oO Utilizing email-based verification for user authentication across the systems.

Lr @) Using a shared database table to synchronize user credentials between the two
systems.

© Mark this Item for later review.


--- PÁGINA 33 ---
Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:33:49 GF

25 of 64. Universal Containers (UC) is rolling out its new Customer
Identity and Access Management Solution built on top of its existing
Salesforce instance. UC wants to allow customers to login using
Facebook, Google, and other social sign-on providers.

How should this functionality be enabled for UC, assuming all social
sign-on providers support OpenID Connect?

A. ee) Configure a single sign-on setting and a JIT handler for each social sign-on
provider.

®© Configure an authentication provider and a registration handler for each social
sign-on provider.

c.  ) Configure an authentication provider and a Just-In-Time (JIT) handler for each
social sign-on provider.

D. oO Configure a single sign-on setting and a4 registration handler for each social
sign-on provider.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:33:38 @

26 of 64. Northern Trail Outfitters (NTO) believes a specific user
account may have been compromised. NTO inactivated the user
account and needs to perform a forensic analysis and identify signals
that could indicate a breach has occurred.

What should NTO's first step be in gathering signals that could
indicate account compromise?

A. ee) Download the Identity Provider Event Log and evaluate the details of activities
performed by the user.

®© Download the Login History and evaluate the details of logins performed by the
user.

c.  ) Download the Setup Audit Trail and review all recent activities performed by the
user.

D. oO Review the User record and evaluate the login and transaction history.


--- PÁGINA 34 ---
27 of 64. An identity architect's client has a homegrown identity
provider (IdP). Salesforce is used as the service provider (SP). The
head of IT is worried that during a SP initiated single sign-on (SSO),
the Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) request content will
be altered.

What should the identity architect recommend to make sure that
there is additional trust between the SP and the IdP?

Ay Encrypt the SAML Request using certification authority (CA) signed certificate
and decrypt on IdP.
B. 3) Ensure that there is an HTTPS connection between IDP and SP.

c. oO Ensure that on the SSO settings page, the "Request Signing Certificate" fleld
has a self-signed certificate.

D. © Ensure that the Issuer and Assertion Consumer Service (ACS) URL is properly
configured between SP and IDP.

a Mark this item for later review.

eee Eee eee
28 of 64. Northern Trail Outfitters (NTO) leverages Microsoft Active
Directory (AD) for management of employee usernames, passwords,
permissions, and asset access. NTO also owns a third-party single
sign-on (SSO) solution. The third-party party SSO solution is used for
all corporate applications, including Salesforce.

NTO has asked an architect to explore Salesforce Identity Connect for
automatic provisioning and deprovisioning of users in Salesforce.

What role does identity Connect play in the outlined requirements?
A. > Service Provider
B. User Management

€.E Single Sign-On
a @) Identity Provider

03 Mark this item for later review.


--- PÁGINA 35 ---
Trail Ou like to use
29 of G4. Northern jejp-septfitters would= the portal 2 portal built on Salesforce Experience

Cloud for customer Sjly be vice. Guests OLontact rec Should be able to self-register, but be
unable to automaticayurchasassigned to 4 tect, ord until verified. External Identity
licenses have been ¢ ed for the project.

sts com
After registered gue: -ecorq/plete an onboarding process, a flow will create the appropriate
account and contact 5 for the user.

yould a
Which three steps st 1 Identity architect follow to implement the outlined requirements?

Choose 3 answers, exter

A. a) Set up = ‘nal login page and call Salesforce APIs for user
creationze the:
Customi self-registration Apex handler to create only the user
record. allow c

Enable " th ustomers and partners to self-register”.
e the:

Customi to a sself-registration Apex handler to temporarily associate
the userje "Copared single contact record.

Select thion, ‘figurable Self-Reg Page" option under Login &
Registra

e Mark this item for later review.

Salesforce Certified Identity and Access Management Archite

Time Remaining: 01:32:35 t Hide }

30 of 64. A technology enterprise is setting up an identity solution
with an external vendors wellness application for its employees. The
user attributes need to be returned to the wellness application in an
ID token.

Which authentication mechanism should an identity architect
recommend to meet the requirements?

s© Web Server Flow
B. oO OpenID Connect
c.© IWT Bearer Token Flow
DB. > User Agent Flow

